docs(Grid): add filter, sort, editing and group tools with pager adaptiveness (#2945)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/overview.md

| Parameter | Type and Default&nbsp;Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `AdaptiveMode` | `AdaptiveMode` enum <br /> (`None`) | Defines the adaptive mode of the Grid. When set to `Auto`, and the window width is below `768px` or `RootComponentAdaptiveSettings.Medium`, components with popups will render them as an `ActionSheet`. |

Reviewer: You may want to use "adaptive mode" as an anchor leading to an article or a section dedicated to that topic.

> | `AdaptiveMode` | `AdaptiveMode` enum <br /> (`None`) | Defines the adaptive mode of the Grid. When set to `Auto`, and the window width is below `768px` or `RootComponentAdaptiveSettings.Medium`, components with popups will render them as an `ActionSheet`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `AdaptiveMode` | `AdaptiveMode` enum <br /> (`None`) | Defines the adaptive mode of the Grid. When set to `Auto`, and the window width is below [`768px` or `RootComponentAdaptiveSettings.Medium`](slug:adaptive-rendering#rendering-specifics), the Grid will render ins inner popups (for example, FilterMenu, ContextMenu and more) as an `ActionSheet`. |
```
"components with popups" sounds a bit vague to me and it is not clear which components we are referring to. I suggest be more specific.
